Content updates for "Requirements" page (#176)
cisagov/getgov-home: pages/domains/domains_requirements.md

## What you can’t do with a .gov domain

### Commercial purposes
A .gov domain must not be used for commercial purposes, such as advertising that benefits private individuals or entities.

### Political campaigns
A .gov domain must not be used for political campaign purposes, such as the website for a candidate seeking elected office. 

### Illegal content
A .gov domain must not be used to distribute or promote material whose distribution violates applicable law.

### Malicious cyber activity
A .gov domain must not distribute malware, host open redirects, or engage in malicious cyber activity.

## What .gov domain registrants must do

### Keep your contact information updated
.Gov domain registrants must maintain accurate contact information in the .gov registrar. You will be asked to verify it as part of the renewal process. 

### Be responsive if we contact you
.Gov domain registrants must respond promptly to communications about potential violations to these requirements.

## Failure to comply could result in domain suspension or termination

> We may need to suspend or terminate a domain registration for violations. When we discover a violation, we’ll make reasonable efforts to contact a registrant, including emails or phone calls to:

Reviewer: > We may need to suspend or terminate a domain registration for violations

Consider "for violations of these requirements"

- Domain contacts
- The authorizing official
- The government organization, a parent organization, or affiliated entities

We understand the critical importance of availability for a .gov domain. Suspending or terminating a .gov domain is reserved for prolonged, unresolved, serious violations where the registrant is non-responsive. We'll make extensive efforts to contact registrants and to identify potential solutions. We'll make reasonable accommodations for remediation timelines based on the severity of the issue.

## Domain renewal
.Gov domains are registered for a one-year period. To renew your domain, you’ll be asked to verify your organization’s eligibility and your contact information. 

> Though a domain may expire, it will not be automatically put on hold or deleted. We’ll make extensive efforts to contact your organization before holding or deleting a domain.

Reviewer: > it will not be automatically put on hold or deleted

Consider "it will not automatically be put on hold or deleted".

  order: 4
  title: Requirements for operating .gov domains
---
The .gov domain space exists to support a broad diversity of government missions. Generally, we don’t review or audit how government organizations use their registered domains. However, misuse of a .gov domain can reflect upon the integrity of the entire .gov space. There are categories of misuse that are statutorily prohibited or abusive in nature.

> ## What you can’t do with .gov domains

Author: ```suggestion
## What you can’t do with a .gov domain
```
